			SIS (SCHOOL INFORMATION SYSTEM)

 Introduction

School Information System (SIS) is a web application that enables registration of school staffs and students for documentation activities both parties carry out or pertake.
The School Information System would be use mainly by school staffs and not student. School staffs such as school owner, principal, vice principal, adminitrative and teacher.
The system will enable this party work seamless, paperless, fast.
And for student it will make their work and school process fast, qucik, smart.

Features of SIS for User

1. User can do User/Client/Customer
2. User can book client/customer schedule/appoinment/time-table
3. User can write notes and assignment and send to client/customer(student) and client/customer(student)  can answer and submit and scores generate automatically immediately and customer can see it and it will recorded automatically in report./*can answer send back and User can mark*/.
4. User can conduct computer base exam through system
5. User can post client/customer(student) fees and print
6. User can print different reports(admin, registration, billing, appoinment, classes, inventory, libaray report e.g Student report card, Student attendant sheet, Student timetable, Staff timetable, )
7. User can track inventory order
8. User can print client/customer id cards, personal details and information.


Function of School Information System:
Attendance, Results, Timetable, Sms





School Information Processes

Three Categories of people to use the school information system.
1. Admin
2. Teacher
3. Student


Module Access For The Three Categories:

1. Admin
2. Teacher
3. Student




Client / Customer Process

Step1: User Register Client / Customer
Step2: Client / Customer pay fees to enable term eligibility for class assign and timetable e.t.c.













Opinions, ideas, suggestions

*Parent should process payment online frm the comfort of their homes without coming to the school.(ifenyi)
*Emailing system for academic and non-academic staffs in the workspace in application. (sam)